https://codepen.io/zskye/pen/dyPPvwb

1. Semantic HTML contains information about the content between the tags.
 2. What is HTML used for?
    HTML is used to create a structure for a web page.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Attributes add extra information to an element. They go in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    The h1 tag is used for headings and is usually only used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    Forms and input boxes have required attributes.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    The head of an HTML document contains the title as well as any scripts or styles.
    7. What is an id?
    An id gives the element a unique title so that it can be specified in CSS and JavaScript.
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    An id can be added to any element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    You can only use the same id once.
    10. What is a class?
    A class a name to an HTML element so that it can be styled or targeted in JavaScript.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Any element can have a class.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    The same class can be used on multiple elements.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    You would add "target:blank" to the end of the link.
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    The alt attribute is used to provide an alternative for screen readers where the element doesn't show up.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    You would end the element with "alt=" followed by the url.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for?
      CSS is used to style a page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    We select an element by putting down the name of the element followed by opening and closing curly brackets.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? Give me an example of when I might use each one
    An id can have one element whereas a class can have more than one.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    We select classes by putting a dot next to the name of the class.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    We would write p.human.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    A parent child selector selects a parent element and all its children.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    We would use sidebar a.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is used to style an element when it's in a specific state, such as a link being hovered over or clicked on.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    We put "line-spacing:" followed by the desired spacing.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    We change the spacing between letters with "letter-spacing:".
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    We use text-transform: uppercase for CAPITALS, capitalize to Capitalize and lowercase for lowercase.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    We use border-style: dotted; border-width: 1px; and border-color: black.
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    The * selector selects everything on the page.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    you write a comment by putting it between /* and */.
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    You use the "pwd" command.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    You use the "ls" command.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    You use "git rm-r" followed by the file you want to delete. You have to be careful because the file deletion is permanent.
    34. Why should I use version control?
    Version control allows for a group to see each other's changes in the same file instead of having to use a separate file for each member.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    You should commit to github as often as possible.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git remote add origin (url for repo goes here)
    git push -u origin master
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork repo
        2. Add your TL as a collaborator
        3. Clone your repo
        4. Create a branch called 'firstname-lastname'
            a. cd <repo directory>
            b. git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname'
        5. Push your branch to GitHub
        6. Add your TL as a reviewer on the pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    When an element is positioned absolutely it doesn't move and the other elements wrap around it.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
